Olivia Hye: There's nothing here
Olivia Hye: Except for that airplane!
Olivia Hye: That is the only thing you can see here
Olivia Hye: Beautiful natu...
Olivia Hye: Oh my...!
Olivia Hye: It's zoomed in suddenly~
Olivia Hye: Nature is beautiful as always~
(And beautiful Go Won is walking down to the beautiful nature~)
(Walking and walking...)
Go Won: You were wearing all the paded jackets...
Olivia Hye: I though that your shooting isn't over yet!
(It was hard to wear the jacket, however she has to do shooting again...)
Olivia Hye: This is the reason why I didn't give her a jacket!
Olivia Hye: Look, it makes me annoying!
Olivia Hye: Go Won~
Olivia Hye: The shooting has started!
(Is she going to bloom flowers on a frozen earth?)
Go Won: I don't know whether it's my tears or rain...
Go Won: It's really raining
'It's raining!'
Olivia Hye: What if it rains?
(It's Olivia Hye's curse, not HaSeul's curse!)